Maximum run time:
Maximum time (in seconds) the algorithm will try to find a solution. Can be modified or stay as recommended. 

Status:
"On the ground": Find a solution to the problem in a situation where the plane is first on the ground. (before take off).
"In the air": Find a solution to the problem in a situation where the plane is already in the air. (after take off).

Note: Unless otherwise stated, "Relative time" is measured relative to the solution start time, which is zero.

Start Day Min:
If Status = "On the ground": Relative time (in minutes) at which the plane can begin to align.
If Status = "In the air": Irrelevant. Use "-1" as default.

Start Day Max:
If Status = "On the ground": Maximum relative time at which the plane must begin to align.
If Status = "In the air": Irrelevant. Use "-1" as default.

Mission Duration: 
If Status = "On the ground": Time duration (in minutes) at which the plane is in mission, after take off and until it finished the mission.
                                         (plane that completed its mission can stay in the air as long as it has enough fuel, waiting to land).
If Status = "In the air": Relative time (in minutes) at which the plane is in mission, until the moment it finished the mission.
                                 (plane that completed its mission can stay in the air as long as it has enough fuel, waiting to land).

Max Fuel: 
If Status = "On the ground": Maximum time (in minutes) the plane can be in the air, from take off and until landing. (not included take off and landing fuel).
If Status = "In the air": Relative maximum time (in minutes) the plane can be in the air, until landing. (not included landing fuel).
                                 Use this as a fault representation, where a value close to zero represents a higher priority fault for landing.

End Day:
If Status = "On the ground": Relative time (in minutes), by this time the plane must finished its day. including aligning, take off, mission, land and evacuate the landing lane.
If Status = "In the air": Irrelevant. Use "-1" as default.

